I want to see my
[Music]
chat okay oh my God he's been infected
with this whole thing of not wishing
good luck as well [__]
me autismos you've ruined the community
you've made them into a loot of salty
rages not wishing good luck on your th I
mean talk about the disrespect I mean is
it super is it disrespect I don't know I
don't like
it whatever it is I don't like
it so we're facing eldra no idea what to
do against Elda yet this will be my
first match versus Elda in approximately
uh two
years so I need to do some
learnings and hopefully not like too
much while I'm
[Music]
Ming he's going to
T any
[Music]
second tell you what I'll uh just take
that these
boys okay
[Music]
okay baby
no well that was not good these are C
faster than
Shooters course they are course they
are fortunately they don't have
topid
[Music]
things this is good this is
good yeah first enough thank
God actually going to treat them back to
this because I don't want Sluggers
contending with the spider that's that's
the basic
problem cuz they will
bleed at least the war buus doesn't
bleed so you can come out this way I
mean not that Shooters won't bleed but
you know they can actually do
damage uh he's got no upgrades so I'm
all right to take this for
now do some damage
[Music]
on I suspect the shurik will come out
anytime
[Music]
soon
what oh yeah St good
oh okay just Retreat out of there we
don't want to fight that thank you very
[Music]
much just sort of chilling
actually uh we could maybe do a bit of
an
ambush no actually it doesn't
[Music]
matter going to go
sweet we just run away
[Music]
fine all right a good position
there
oh
lead we will take that VP though we love
it oh [__] we got no energy fore jump
that all about
[Music]
oh come on specials man seriously
flash drink
[Music]
ask they got a lot of healing to do what
the [__]
a that's a big loss H too aggressive
here I don't know what I'm doing about
my St around why am I in their base you
know what I mean there no
need no need to be in that [__] base
oh well at least we got this kill kind
of makes up for
it I mean he did expect sh together
whatever but it doesn't mean you're in
my circle well we both made the same
same silly Arrow
[Music]
with one model
down God damn it he got lucky there
didn't he instantly got my
model you want them to both move forward
[Music]
simultaneously camer
at
[Music]
my
constantly oh God lost another
model Jesus Christ man all you do as AR
is is have too much power and never
enough bre swear to
[Music]
God I am not your
I don't know why you built the node
[Music]
there get
back see advantage of the boss Pole
right
[Music]
there right they
are don't that
fight this is my bashing
chance God they're taking so long to cap
man oh look
I had the power of of surprised
the in the what you know about rolling
down in the Deep when your brain goes
num you can call
thate
ion he say that I'm cool I'm like yeah
that's true I believe in G don't believe
t h o she keep playing me I'm play
fun my let me you the
[Music]
like let's just get this for a second
even if I don't get paid for
come oname
[Music]
just get out of that
dude it's hard man no matter what you
get for a it's just a misery when you
play cuz one a sauce is never going to
beat going to kill
walk just [__]
[Music]
come spiders
oh I forgot about my
woss
[__] I'm screwed I'm a squad
behind [__] l look at my
power oh it's so annoying I hate this
race so much they're so
[__] [__] man I don't get it man people
complaining about Slugger knob when the
[__] did I get chance to build the
Slugger knob no chance I even a chance
to use get
burners then people complain about weird
Bo how am I ever going to get a [__]
weird boy I don't even have resources to
get a a vehicle that made a [__]
weird boy like what
who are these people complaining about
orc melee you're out of your mind
absolutely [__] out of your
mind [__] man it's
impossible this
[__] get out of
here
bre yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
out oh my God the
pleas these Sluggers just derping around
actually do
something God damn
trash absolutely
trash what a useless unit
[__] man I hate this faction so
much look at this [__]
dude
they to
[Music]
to fuing H I can't even click on see I'm
so tilted
[Music]
[__] inura L fast I wasn't ready for
that [__] autismos making him only
say have
fun how did you infect everyone with
this it is BS
brother so we're on a big map right now
dude I got to be able to play this [__]
on on every map you
know oh he wall up that's interesting
who was that
hello if you can only play the hero on
two maps it's not a very good hero is it
you know what I mean but there is one
advantage you get as the war boys warok
War Boss what is that what is the
advantage of the War
[Music]
Boss what is he doing here out of his
mind you don't have the ulator this is
not a legitimate
strategy yeah I know the mech's great I
don't want to play a Mech that's the
point I don't want to play op [__] I'd
be playing Tech Marine if if I wanted to
win or I play IG and I'd never lose but
that's
boring I know IG are broken I'm not
interested in playing broken [__] oh we
doing this again I see I see I don't
want to take more damage to be fair cuz
I've got a few units I want to go this
way in case bans over
there all right he's here that's
fine oh he's going multiple or Guardians
does he have no banshees or does he have
banshees what is going on here we're
playing a bit of a weird game oh he's
ratting as well because he didn't get
banshees so we're both teeking class I
didn't realize this is what's going on
funny I love it well that works for me I
mean it's a bit ironic really because
you would think that Eldar will dominate
the the tto with W spiders but you know
what I have faith in my storm boys
oh yeah so we'll
see yeah no model
course turn around get a
model there a
[Music]
model love
it I what these guys think they're doing
ooh didn't quite get the melee charge s
[Applause]
Speedy buys you
know yeah what a [__] oh my God canot
deal with
[Music]
these so the big advantage of War BS is
that you get usually Choppers an Aros
right to win s Side Lane fights that you
normally would lose as Orcs so I want to
I want to double down on that by getting
double storm
[Music]
boys oh really of course he's got ulator
of
course of course he
does he knows how to
[__] piss me
off yeah you better stop deca your
little fruit
[Music]
Ki what is
he what's he
[Music]
doing let's push this side we'll get the
Decap then we'll Advance yeah so you can
see he's going for the fast tech that's
fine
[Music]
face I
am so funny get
it oh oh forgot to Tech he's already
[__] there oh my God that is
[Music]
fast wow Eldar are something else aren't
they what's this all
about I am
see if we can get the wife on
[Music]
things my credit oh got him
[Applause]
off my face don't know where I am cuz I
got my jobs from
[Music]
Amsterdam how much power have I spent I
don't even know
[Music]
all right now we're wet am cuz I got my
130 and he spent
40 guit
[__] in it so the thing is I have the
W spider counter this is my best W
spider counter stor
[Music]
boys so I've already got it is that
great look at that
[Music]
yay no models obviously
they should dominate that fight I think
I mean it depends on their
specials I don't know why my boys are
[Music]
like why they low on power this
is wants to be in your
arm in the
[Music]
where
your model
[Music]
yay on the left side to the right yeah
it and I got working
morning this is just one stand by just
[Music]
saying all right we got to get out of
there so the the problem is the
he can get a vehicle now so I go for a
weir boy and he goes for a RL and I
cry I don't know how vible that is cuz I
bashed him you would hope that he'd not
be able to right but who [__] knows
man
[Music]
so you bait out the teleport and then
they have to
retreat cuz use one bomber
[Music]
boys so I just to obviously oh well the
game's going to end on VPS go truck and
then
Busters I don't think it's worth
upgrading the uh slugas as always they
TR need walk
[Music]
obiously watch them
nice yeah Storm Troopers Storm Troopers
oh my God I'm aware I'm aware today I'm
on another planet storm boys are the
counter for w spiders in the op roster
or the weird boy but the weird boy is
just so hard to get
man because you just you know you're
hoping that the enem is going to not
micro the Falcon so you actually do a
should go but if they're any good that
won't
happen fortunately most of the player
base is trash so you might kill a falcon
with a with a wallos and a weird
[Music]
boy no no this isn't the good map I was
thinking about putting it on jilla's
Forge but then I thought now I shouldn't
be a little cheer like that you know I'm
not Artic frenzy or
something so I'm just going to work my
way through the maps
naturally we'll get a good one one day
just not
yet the space between my body and my
mind just
up
space scared of them Guardians man they
got buff 10
HP I don't want to fight that [__] that
I don't need anything we're out of here
boys we'll come back later we've got
bigger guns because it feel feels like
home can I be honest I still want your
hands up on my body you still made my
heart f
for in
the
morning I don't think this is worth
[Music]
it
Ferrari with me in the W the morning
[Music]
don't come on now super
I really want to push this for the
actual
Decap yeah I got it it's good
[Music]
oh he went snipers that's a bit
old I retreated the wrong the wrong
[Music]
sh all right let's get some upgrades
oh boy what spider X AR man what a
[Music]
pain when the rest of me is
down you you me get you're not
around there are boundaries I will try
to knock them
down
[Music]
I our boss should never be split from
his Pole
it's very important Bo kind of
[Music]
boss
you
I
[Music]
you uh we're not doing all
good got me wrapped up
[Music]
in
press yeah it's a good Spiderman there's
no doubt about
that I need these contestants for be
bre what did you give me to make my
heart
out oh that's
good I can't I can't
that I think we're
[Music]
close I Your Love
bab now I've got you in my SP
go with
you got you sh
my I'm to rotate around
[Music]
I we get big shoot as well by Tek
no big shoo
yikes
[Music]
hello would help if
I U your Choppers for the win yeah
[Music]
that's it that's what we like to
see let's go deap
that mean these [__] are running
around like little RS annoying
me what they G
to oh they went over there all right
uh I can't get this kind of [__] out
No Rest by for the week nor the
[Applause]
[Music]
wicked why am I
running greatest shooters
beab want my
boss can try him back it's not going to
[Music]
happen n [__]
it oh I don't know what to
do might get a bit of a Bash
[Music]
[Applause]
now your time is
see baby
it's I all be
okay
baby get him
[Music]
this
is I love where the [__] are the
Banshees did I kill the Banshees am I
like losing my
mind wow they taking a long time
[Music]
you
boss p is negating a lot of this
[Music]
damage to you
right
[Applause]
[Music]
I don't want to show that I have it
yet
[Music]
to I want to
come on get the mod sa
out yeah you see you didn't see that I
had the Busters in the truck so he's
going to he's got the uh the big
one just get some chip
come
[Music]
on the middle Big Boss p lot big calls
around sometimes I you late
night you
[Music]
TR
please thank you it did its
job yet to I love trash pop extreme
[Music]
I nonstop beats the end an energy boost
here is I love workout deos packs m c is
better than you mate so you can't talk
oh [__] I was too busy reading chat to
uh to to cap my points
[Music]
what does he mean why War BOS
top why where where else am I going to
send him down here where there's
garrisons I don't think so
yeah like I'm not going to do that you
know we finally here right where we it's
Friday sat
Sunday tra
[Music]
Bren cover up
dude go that way in a minute
going to change it
[Music]
up oh we shouldn't have committed so
hard are you
serious [__] hell man
[Music]
[Applause]
ler it's
[Music]
[Applause]
it's Friday then Saturday Sunday
[Music]
what he should have decapped this why
did he
not oh
all right
[Music]
that's of course there's a second sh you
didn't get
anything honestly it's like I haven't
played this game for 10
[Music]
years dude this map I hate fighting the
spider [__] the Spider Man
I need to my mind
get I want to raise my hand I want to do
my Dan I need my
mind I lose
control touch my
soultime
sometimes sometimes I want to raise my
hand I want to do my
dance they
touch my
[Music]
soul no go
away so the question
is is the Shere going to
rotate let's see he knows I'm going to
[Music]
Bash oh he didn't Retreat it in time
yes right just [__] cap
[Music]
dude stop
this
[Music]
[Applause]
fin well we got the bash which really is
his [__] up yeah I still feel like we're
massively behind on Tech which is kind
of aega
[Music]
L what can you do man [__]
spider [__] spider just no
solution Ian look at this not even
getting the Decap
screw you
spider you are such
[Music]
BS oh my God they're
back oh yeah no to be fair they did get
a bit of a bash on me as well didn't
they
[Music]
no chance to
like [__] do
[Music]
anything he wasn't joking was he like I
can't can't get around the map
so
[Music]
annoying sad as that sounds
oh this is [__]
[Music]
terrible W is such a Broken Hero
man I mean what am I going to
do
[Music]
um no there's no solution here there's
no solution this a GG
gone death Trad but what's the [__]
point man he's got two shurikens he just
gets spiders afterwards and I'm screwed
I'm already massively behind on VPS
there's no
chance asymmetric design
[Music]
boys what what does that even mean
bro what does that even mean not if you
play versus deos
[Music]
why get
it what are you
[Music]
doing brosi please
[Applause]
[Music]
turn the light
[Applause]
that's why what why am I easy to grenade
[Music]
what why man's trying to grenade my ass
I'm confused
[Music]
yada yada y
y turn the
[Applause]
[Music]
dude
reacting what go back to the [__]
shin
oh
dude yeah
GG okay we we barely
survived no we don't we don't survive
[__]
[Music]
H that was close to losing the game like
immediately
big going to stay and play a little bit
[Music]
longer cuz we get DPS like that and then
we can disengage for free should have
been more we get start I want to know
one thing
[Music]
why did I why did I do that it was
obviously Shri was going to be there
[Music]
H trying to win engagements that are
unwinable why did I fight it no point
fighting
it to
F don't have to win each engagement
yeah well I mean that's [__] a isn't
it oh nice
nice before we get started I want to
know one thing
[Music]
[__] say Council
when what are you doing go some
melee oh my
God so bad
to be honest this isn't going that bad
well actually I need to shut up I don't
know when the
uh the rest of this shit's coming to get
[Music]
me oh nice
lose models
[Music]
man we
go do
[Music]
no melee hit [__] hell
man oh
my fing over
[Music]
it's oh they got him
sad man this is a [__] up of a
Game Stop
[Music]
no
we oh
ah I hate
[Music]
Orcs this has just been a terrible game
I mean I should just probably conceded
ages ago just cuz this I don't know
I don't feel the point playing out
failed
games cuz it's not
really it doesn't resemble anything
useful cuz it's just me playing
bad so it's not very telling of the
matchups and stuff you know what I
mean where the banshe gone
on oh
they I don't know why he went for such
heavy investment in the Warlock he does
this quite often in and I don't really
understand
it doesn't really achieve a whole lot
[Music]
um what do I get here I mean I need tank
Busters at some
[Music]
point
when you
drunk get in [__]
me honestly
[Music]
um
sticks this is going to be Mimi this is
going to be one of them long games cuz
we're both being
stupid I'm going to go bang
[Music]
bang she's a bit
OD I'm going to do
it all right I'm going to do it I want
to I
[Music]
[Applause]
know okay interesting
I just want you to
know it's only
you
me uh now what do I get I you
[Music]
dude alone boy you got me doing things
that I would never do and I can't wear
your business if I want to
I'm you could make me your and if I
could have you
[Music]
I oh they run into
base I need more
units w
[Music]
really say
councel I knew it was
coming should have come see days
[Music]
ago oh song's annoying me [__]
God damn it I forgot I'm on a radio
[Music]
whoops they've had some bangers recently
but this one I'm not
feeling all right okay delete mod
interesting LOL my [__] M micro just
made him Miss Destructor hilarious what
the
[__] come on STD
STD Next Level tactics that you see
debated him
completely gentl good nightes good
night good
morning let's not destroy our own
[Music]
cover let's destroy his
cover yum yum yum yum yum yum
yum I am the the cover
muncher I don't think you want
this no bro no you don't want this
[Music]
so we've got shuin to contend
with
spooky what you talking about spooky
B I shoot so expensive
how you little
[Music]
rat well eved well
evaded God damn it
hey we didn't lose any models though
yeah come on
boys strong tanky
boys loss is for
us see if we can get this
C stor Boys on Route we get some more
big Shooters bigger shooters
oh I don't quite have enough red for a
for an OD
boys I got a bit of healing to do thing
is there's going to be another another
shorty shy shorty on rout that makes me
feel
[Music]
sad I want to roast some of these GS
I love
workout good a break Comey family joined
in I
love where the [__] did he come
from get out of here man
[Applause]
I love
music nonstop beats for en an
energy I love
[Music]
workout God damn
it my heart
what I didn't force the other one off Oh
I thought I did
[__] oh I thought I already made it
Retreat
[__] my
bad um weird in
[Applause]
trouble God you have one bad [__]
engagement
[Music]
yeah yeah yeah yeah man they set up fast
don't oh my God micro micro
[Music]
[Applause]
okay we won that fight so we're still in
this we didn't even get any gens
can we get a gen please please honestly
I beg of you I beg of you give me the
genen genen
please yes we got the
[Music]
J feels good man feels
good I'm not going to uh take this
though just [__] come on
[Music]
the
bleed Eternal
[Music]
bleed take over man
all right just [__] heal then Jesus
Christ I give
[Music]
up no just go over that
way now what do I get it's so
[Music]
hard roll
I don't want to engage here cuz with the
Guardians nearby it will not go very
well oh my God I thought that was a rare
FL I [__]
myself already
[Music]
for a second
stop showing your ass that's not
intimidating turn around
[Music]
how is he running away is he really that
far behind in
[Music]
TCH like an ason in the what you know
about rolling down the
[Music]
whene what you know about roll
the
blade the
get in ladies we've got somewhere to go
we're going on vacation
[Music]
[Applause]
got
got oh what [__] hell I didn't see
the bright
Lance oh
[__] now for [__] sake
see no [__] bright lamps
man that is BS is what that
is oh go away you
TW move
up get out of range s you you g
and I'm shooting a refi L of
Shooters
really will you move forward tank
Busters God I hate tank Busters
[Music]
Your
Atmosphere
your you feel so good
[Music]
you have to be [__] kidding me
classic
[__]
Orcs
useless look at this [__]
man my AV is utter
trash and it makes me so sad
it makes me so sad why is my AV so bad
all the
time [__] I hate Orcs
man [__] garbage
faction absolute [__]
[Music]
trash honestly
want to be
there
it's
touchy you me
you got to show
me
[Music]
easy you got to show me
love my right I'll just sort
of sit you next to
them I wonder if he's like gone tier
three or what's going
on I don't think so right he can't be
that far ahead I never know
man oh [__] yeah there's a bright Lance
oh no I forgot there's a bright Lance
now for [__]
sake what am I
doing don't [__] die on my
ass get out of here
[Music]
dude oh they
died what
[__]
off God
man that's so
annoying [__] kill this
conun [__] sake
okay you want to know the dress oh my
God I hate this
faction we don't have a dress code
should just gone too free not cing got
to let
go here they come again and embra so
boring what are you doing [__] cat
dickade who got
wiped oh my God is that Swift
movement victory and embrace yourself I
retreated so
early it is
[Music]
silly [__] sake
man God the wall boss is
[__] [__] me if I was playing false
Commander this would been over in 6
minutes you want to know the dress
code okay we don't have a dress
[Applause]
[Music]
Cod doing I swear my units are [__]
[__] said the T move and he walks
off this way what's that all
about yo take your shuriken and put it
elsewhere
bro put it elsewhere
there don't want any of that right
now what do I even get why am I in tier
three someone remind me why the [__] am
I
in I need to
know where is he going again why are you
walking off to the side woss
please get a
grip need to sort yourself out lad you
don't even know what you're doing and I
am not a fan
[Music]
what
hello can we cut this [__] out
[Music]
please oh my God my units are dumb my
units are just dumb they're dumb
there's no other way to put it they're
just a bit
silly they're lacking in in certain
[Music]
ways lady
please this is not your time
lady
stop you're being very naughty right now
aack you as well my units are so
responsive they making me
[Laughter]
cry good
graef no storm boys
honestly now I'm Block
C
dude please just stop
dude I swear I told him to cut that
[Music]
already okay you are than
good those
are right here
[Music]
readyy good idea
this feeling that I know you're giving
me no Li me hug me
[Music]
micro is getting
overloaded God how much energy is this
[Music]
man too
much that's the edge of the map please
[Music]
there is a bright Lance remember this
this time [__] hell there is a bright
Lance
there is a bright Lance remember there
is a bright
Lance holy [__]
man there is a bright
Lance remember there is a bright
[Music]
Lance do you know something that Eldar
Can
field they can get bright lances there
will be a bright Lance
[Music]
you
know baby got open
all don't play
around by the
and oh yeah [__] they've got heavy melee
that was the thing I forgot
about good it up I like the way
you got up I
way
got get the [__] out of here man
[Music]
oh yeah I didn't deal with that did
iake man
[Music]
good [__] banshees
man I love
workout good break
Thursday so I love his history
music nonstop beats for end's an energy
boost here is I love
[Music]
workout we will go kind of dream that
can't be so
we were right till
we build the and
[Music]
bur
C nice we got it
[Music]
oh hey Z they've got the the heavy melee
Spears haven't
they which yeah now think about it that
was kind of like a free upgrade cuzz why
do they need power melee dude why do
they have heavy melee Spears honestly I
said it before it just means you always
get SE Council now there's no reason not
to what else are you going to get in the
ELD tier 3 that counters literally
everything that can be purchas it's
mental
[Music]
a